Re-render details if rewrites are used (#34049)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md

During prerendering, the router's `query` object will be empty since we do not have `query` information to provide during this phase. After hydration, Next.js will trigger an update to your application to provide the route parameters in the `query` object.

> However, with `Rewrites` in your code, a re-render is triggered to provide the parsed parameters. This is because [rewrites](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/rewrites) can have parameters that we need to provide in the `query` object.

Reviewer: I would mention `router.isReady` as well and link to https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/router#router-object for those that need to know when it is safe to start using `query`.

I would also backlink from `isReady` https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/router#router-object to this page so the purpose of `isReady` is more clear.

Reviewer 2: added in https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/34049/commits/c7e50643d4a268852fd719dc9993fff2f7babe90

> However, with `Rewrites` in your code, a re-render is triggered to provide the parsed parameters. This is because [rewrites](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/rewrites) can have parameters that we need to provide in the `query` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cases where the query will be updated after hydration triggering another render for an automatically statically optimized page are:

- The page has query values in the URL.
- The page is a [dynamic-route](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md).
- You have [rewrites](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/rewrites.md) in your `next.config.js` since these can have parameters that may need to be parsed and provided in the `query`. 
```
I think we need a snippet about this for `getStaticProps` pages as well.
